feat(all): Preserve data-pharos-component attribute when Pharos class is subclassed (#267)
ithaka/pharos: packages/pharos/README.md

## Registering components

> 1. To allow multiple versions of Pharos to exist on a page, this package only exports component classes for you to register on the [custom element registry](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomElementRegistry) in your application.
>    To register a component:
>    - Import the classes you wish to use in your application's entrypoint
>    - Declare a trivial subclass the Pharos component in the form of `{app/bundle}Pharos{component}`
>    - Define the component with a tag name in the form of `{app/bundle}-pharos-{component}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To allow multiple versions of Pharos to exist on a page, this package only exports component classes for you to register on the [custom element registry](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CustomElementRegistry) in your application. To register a component:
   - Import the classes you wish to use in your application's entrypoint
   - Declare a trivial subclass of the Pharos component in the form of `{app/bundle}Pharos{component}`
   - Define the component with a tag name in the form of `{app/bundle}-pharos-{component}`
   
As an example, the following allows an Alert to be defined for use in a home page application that will not collide with other Alerts that are defined:
```

```javascript
import { PharosAlert } from '@ithaka/pharos/lib/components/alert/pharos-alert';

class HomepagePharosAlert extends PharosAlert {}

customElements.define('homepage-pharos-alert', HomepagePharosAlert);
```

> > NOTE: Errors will occur in either of the following scenarios:
> >
> > - Define a tag name that has already been defined in the browser.
> > - Attempt to use the same `Pharos` component class to define custom elements with different names. This is especially important when the `@ithaka/pharos` dependency is shared across different apps on the page (ie. ModuleFederation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Issues arise when you:
>
> - Define a tag name that has already been defined in the browser.
> - Attempt to use the same Pharos component class to define custom elements with different names. This is especially important when the `@ithaka/pharos` dependency is shared across different applications on the same page, for example through Webpack's module federation.
```
